[zh-cn]Update securing-a-cluster.md (#35512)
kubernetes/website: content/zh-cn/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/securing-a-cluster.md

类似地，希望阻止客户端应用程序从其容器中逃逸的管理员，应该应用 **Baseline**
或 **Restricted** Pod 安全标准。

<!--
### Preventing containers from loading unwanted kernel modules
-->
### 防止容器加载不需要的内核模块   {#preventing-containers-from-loading-unwanted-kernel-modules}

> <!--
> The Linux kernel automatically loads kernel modules from disk if needed in certain
> circumstances, such as when a piece of hardware is attached or a filesystem is mounted.
> -->
> 如果在某些情况下需要，Linux
> 内核会自动从磁盘加载内核模块，
> 例如当一个硬件被连接或一个文件系统被加载时。
> <!--
> Of particular relevance to Kubernetes, even unprivileged processes can cause certain
> network-protocol-related kernel modules to be loaded, just by creating a socket of the
> appropriate type.
> -->
> 与 Kubernetes 特别相关的是，在 Linux 系统中，
> 即使是没有特权的进程也可能导致
> 某些网络协议相关的内核模块被加载，
> 而这只需创建一个适当类型的套接字。
> <!--
> This may allow an attacker to exploit a security hole in a kernel module
> that the administrator assumed was not in use.
> -->
> 这可能允许攻击者利用管理员
> 假定未使用的内核模块中的安全漏洞。

Reviewer: 注意事项：
1. 不要更改英文段落分段，将来很难比较英文变化。
2. 中文要适当折行，但不必过度折行。
3. 中文折行要尽可能避免在连续中文字符之间折行。
4. 
```suggestion
<!--
The Linux kernel automatically loads kernel modules from disk if needed in certain
circumstances, such as when a piece of hardware is attached or a filesystem is mounted. Of
particular relevance to Kubernetes, even unprivileged processes can cause certain
network-protocol-related kernel modules to be loaded, just by creating a socket of the
appropriate type. This may allow an attacker to exploit a security hole in a kernel module
that the administrator assumed was not in use.
-->
如果在某些情况下，Linux 内核会根据需要自动从磁盘加载内核模块，
这类情况的例子有挂接了一个硬件或挂载了一个文件系统。
与 Kubernetes 特别相关的是，即使是非特权的进程也可能导致某些网络协议相关的内核模块被加载，
而这只需创建一个适当类型的套接字。
这就可能允许攻击者利用管理员假定未使用的内核模块中的安全漏洞。
```

> <!--
> To prevent specific modules from being automatically loaded, you can uninstall them from
> the node, or add rules to block them.
> -->
> 为了防止特定模块被自动加载，
> 您可以从节点卸载它们，
> 或者添加规则来阻止它们。
> <!--
> On most Linux distributions, you can do that by
> creating a file such as `/etc/modprobe.d/kubernetes-blacklist.conf` with contents like:
> -->
> 在大多数 Linux 发行版上，
> 您可以通过创建一个文件来做到这一点，
> 如 `/etc/modprobe.d/kubernetes-blacklist.conf`，
> 文件内容如下：

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!--
To prevent specific modules from being automatically loaded, you can uninstall them from
the node, or add rules to block them. On most Linux distributions, you can do that by
creating a file such as `/etc/modprobe.d/kubernetes-blacklist.conf` with contents like:
-->
为了防止特定模块被自动加载，你可以将它们从节点上卸载或者添加规则来阻止这些模块。
在大多数 Linux 发行版上，你可以通过创建类似 `/etc/modprobe.d/kubernetes-blacklist.conf`
这种文件来做到这一点，其中的内容如下所示：
```
